Academic dishonesty is an incredibly divisive and destructive force within a school community. Each individual act of plagiarism or cheating affects all of Stuyvesant. It unfairly rewards those students who cheat, and hurts honest students’ chances of acceptance into specialized courses and colleges. This inequality, in turn, discourages honesty and spawns even more cheating. What’s more, academic dishonesty contributes to a poisonous atmosphere of mistrust among students, faculty and administration, and tarnishes Stuyvesant’s reputation as a whole. Examples of academic dishonesty include: Presenting the ideas of others (either by paraphrasing or direct quotation) without credit to the source. This applies equally to a single phrase or an entire essay. Using secondary sources, even for research, if a teacher has advised students not to do so. Failing to provide adequate citations for material obtained through online sources. Copying from someone else’s exam, homework, or lab. Allowing someone to copy or submit one’s work as his/her own. Using notes or other materials (including cell phones) during a test or exam without authorization. Submitting the same paper in more than one course without the knowledge and approval of the teachers involved. Knowingly participating in a group project which presents plagiarized materials. Sharing questions or answers with students who have yet to take an exam. Students who engage in any of the above activities will receive no credit on the assignment in question, and their parents will be notified. Students are also subject to suspension for engaging in academic dishonesty, and the suspension may be reported to colleges. Each teacher is obligated to inform students that they must not engage in this kind of behavior, and to explain any other types of academic dishonesty that may pertain to their particular subject, class, assignment or exam. Students should report instances of academic dishonesty to teachers, guidance counselors, or administration. I have read and understand Stuyvesant’s Academic Honesty Policy.
